README.md, before:

# About Me

My name is Austin Ulfers and I am a current senior at the University of Washington studying Informatics with a specialized track in data science. I am currently working for PACCAR Inc as a Data Engineer Intern.

<div align=center>

[![Austin's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=austinulfers&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/austinulfers/)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9837010/austin-ulfers)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9837010/austin-ulfers)

</div>

## Finished Projects

### Guide to Migrating Chrome Web Scrapers Within Azure

<img src = "img/AzureWebScraperLogic.png" alt="Azure Web Scraper Logic" width="700"/>

Within this medium post, I created a guide on how to migrate a chrome based web-scraper to an Azure virtual machine. I step the reader through the steps necessary to both setup the environment and automate the scraper to run periodically. [Link](https://medium.com/swlh/guide-to-migrating-automating-chrome-web-scrapers-within-azure-909a4203476a?source=friends_link&sk=ca6117f431e3eef91ad0a65487343426). - August 2020

### Tracking a Spikeball From an Aerial View

<img src = "img/spike_1-plotly.gif" alt="Tracking a Spikeball From a Drone" width="700"/>

Within this project my goal was to to track a Spikeball from an overhead drone view in an attempt to begin tracking sports analytics for the sport of roudnet. This project sparked more ideas to continue development in this area. [Link](https://austinulfers.github.io/spikeball-tracking/) - March 2020

## Languages

[![Austin's wakatime stats](https://wakatime.com/share/@austinulfers/de0bdf45-9015-4bd9-b705-164f5f762971.svg)](https://wakatime.com/dashboard)

Commit message:

added course evaluation catalog project to portfolio

README.md, after:

# About Me

My name is Austin Ulfers and I am a current senior at the University of Washington studying Informatics with a specialized track in data science. I am currently working for PACCAR Inc as a Data Engineer Intern.

<div align=center>

[![Austin's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=austinulfers&show_icons=true)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)

[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/austinulfers/)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9837010/austin-ulfers)
[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/Stack_Overflow-FE7A16?style=for-the-badge&logo=stack-overflow&logoColor=white)](https://stackoverflow.com/users/9837010/austin-ulfers)

</div>

## Finished Projects

### Guide to Migrating Chrome Web Scrapers Within Azure

<img src = "img/AzureWebScraperLogic.png" alt="Azure Web Scraper Logic" width="700"/>

Within this medium post, I created a guide on how to migrate a chrome based web-scraper to an Azure virtual machine. I step the reader through the steps necessary to both setup the environment and automate the scraper to run periodically. [Link](https://medium.com/swlh/guide-to-migrating-automating-chrome-web-scrapers-within-azure-909a4203476a?source=friends_link&sk=ca6117f431e3eef91ad0a65487343426). - August 2020

### Tracking a Spikeball From an Aerial View

<img src = "img/spike_1-plotly.gif" alt="Tracking a Spikeball From a Drone" width="700"/>

Within this project my goal was to to track a Spikeball from an overhead drone view in an attempt to begin tracking sports analytics for the sport of roudnet. This project sparked more ideas to continue development in this area. [Link](https://austinulfers.github.io/spikeball-tracking/) - March 2020

### Scraping my University's Course Evaluation Catalog

<img src = "img/UW Course Eval Project.png" alt="Before & After of Scraping" width="700"/>

For this project, I built a webscraper to scrape my University's poorly visualized course evaluation catalog. As a freshman, I wanted an easier way to find classes to take so after aggregating the data into one source, I created a tableau workbook to filter down the data to my criteria in order to find highly-rated classes. [Link](https://public.tableau.com/views/UWTableauCatalog/UWClassDashboard?:language=en-US&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link) - February 2018

## Languages

[![Austin's wakatime stats](https://wakatime.com/share/@austinulfers/de0bdf45-9015-4bd9-b705-164f5f762971.svg)](https://wakatime.com/dashboard)
